Readme section on logging (#2521)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/README.md

|`3`, or `warning`, or `warn`|`Warning`|Logging level when a function fails to perform its intended task.
|`2`, or `informational`, or `information`, or `info`|`Informational`|Logging level when a function operates normally.
|`1`, or `verbose`, or `debug`|`Verbose`|Logging level for detailed troubleshooting scenarios.

Then, log messages will be printed to console (`stderr`).
Note that `stderr` messages can be redirected into a log file like this:

```cmd
myprogram.exe 2> log.txt
```

On Linux or macOS:
```sh
./myprogram 2> log.txt
```

Other option is to handle log messages programmatically by providing a callback function, which can save them to a file, or display them in a desired custom way.
```cpp
#include <azure/core/diagnostics/logger.hpp>

int main()
{
    using namespace Azure::Core::Diagnostics;

    // See above for the level descriptions.
    Logger::SetLevel(Logger::Level::Verbose);

    // SetListener accepts std::function<>, which can be either lambda or a function pointer.
    Logger::SetListener([&](auto lvl, auto msg){ /* handle Logger::Level lvl and std::string msg */ });
}
```

> Note that the listener callback is being executed in the same thread as the operation that triggered the log message, so if the implementation is operation-heavy, it may slow down the SDK performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, the listener callback is executed on the same thread as the operation that triggered the log message. 
 It is recommended implementation due the minimal amount of log message processing on the callback thread.
```

> In that case, consider implementing in a way that the callback pushes the message string into a thread-safe queue, so that another thread would pick the messages from that queue and handle them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where message processing is required, consider implementing in a way that the callback pushes the message string into a thread-safe queue, so that another thread would pick the messages from that queue and handle them.
```

Three main ways of troubleshooting failures are:

- Inspecting exceptions
- Enabling logging (see [SDK Log Messages](#sdk-log-messages))
- Distributed tracing (`Available in future release`)

### SDK Log Messages

The simplest way to enable logs is to set `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to one of the values:
|`AZURE_LOG_LEVEL`|`Azure::Core::Diagnostics::Logger::Level`|Log message level
|-|-|-
|`4`, or `error`, or `err`|`Error`|Logging level for failures that the application is unlikely to recover from.
|`3`, or `warning`, or `warn`|`Warning`|Logging level when a function fails to perform its intended task.
|`2`, or `informational`, or `information`, or `info`|`Informational`|Logging level when a function operates normally.
|`1`, or `verbose`, or `debug`|`Verbose`|Logging level for detailed troubleshooting scenarios.

Then, log messages will be printed to console (`stderr`).
Note that `stderr` messages can be redirected into a log file like this:

> ```cmd

Author: ```suggestion
On Windows:
```cmd
```
